(THEME SONG PLAYING)
♪ Yip bi di dit bip bi-ee-i-di-dit
Wander Over Yonder! ♪
♪ Wander! Wander! Over! Over! ♪
♪ Yonder! Yonder! Wander! Yonder! ♪
♪ Yip bi di dit bip bi-ee-i-di-dit
Wander Over Yonder! ♪
♪ Wander! Wander! Over! Over! ♪
♪ Yonder! Wander! Yonder! Wander! ♪
♪ Yip bi di dit bip bi-ee-i-di-dit
Wander Over Yonder! ♪
(LORD HATER LAUGHS)
♪ Yip bi di dit bip bi-ee-i-di-dit
Wander Over Yonder! ♪
♪ Wander! Wander! Over! Over! ♪
♪ Yonder! Yonder! Wander! Yonder! ♪
♪ Yip bi di dit bip bi-ee-i-di-dit
Wander Over Yonder! ♪
♪ Do-do-do-do-do ♪
(SCATTING)
(RABBIT'S STOMACH GROWLING)
(WANDER SQUEALS PLEADINGLY)
Okay.
(SCATTING IN REVERSE)
Hungry, little feller?
(GASPS)
Hmm. Gotta be something...
(GASPS) There!
Sylvia, six fingers.
Little showy, don't you think?
Nothing wrong with looking good
while doing good.
FLEEBLEBORT: Hey!
You stole my carrot!
Are you kidding me?
Oh, that was yours?
Yeah. I put it on the stick here
to make my hufflerumples go.
Now they won't go.
Oops.
Huh, well, that's weird.
'Cause usually when you start down the
right path, you end up in the right place.
Huh, not always, I guess.
Nope. I refuse to accept that.
This is just a minor setback,
my snazzily dressed friend.
We will simply mosey on over to
the local store and buy you a new carrot.
Ooh!
You can buy carrots in a store?
What are we lugging around this guy for?
-Yeah! A store
-(LAUGHING)
Oh, great.
How am I supposed to get
to my wedding now?
Wedding?
Oh!
No, I will not let our do-gooding
undo you, dude.
We'll not only get you
to your wedding on time,
but I will provide the appropriate
racing-the-clock action music.
(PLAYING BANJO)
Whoa, that was fast!
I would have missed the wedding entirely
if it weren't for you two. Thanks.
Just doing the good that do-gooders do.
See that, Sylvia?
Right path, right place!
FLEEBLEBORT: Stop the wedding!
(ALL GASPING)
I love you, Marsha!
I love you, too, Feeblebort!
Wedding cancelled!
(GUESTS GROAN)
Unbelievable.
That's two good deeds gone bad.
I hate to say it, buddy,
but we're having an off day.
No, good never has an off day.
We can still right this wrong.
Sir, I am so sorry
we caused your true love to leave.
Oh, she wasn't my true love.
Really?
No. I was just marrying her
to stop the feud between our families,
which I guess, now,
is back on.
-(SHOUTING)
-(LASER GUNS SHOOTING)
Unbelievable!
-(GUNSHOT)
-(LASER GUNS SHOOTING)
Okay, I admit,
today is a teensy bit of a challenge,
but I believe we can end up right.
Right?
Let me try something.
-(SHOUTING)
-(LASER GUNS SHOOTING)
Hear ye, hear ye! Order in the court.
As judge, jury and prosecutioner,
I demand justice!
Plaintiff, how do you plead?
Not guilty, Your Honor!
Solicitor general!
Also not guilty.
-Overruled!
-Objection!
-I said it first.
-I said it second.
(INDISTINCT SHOUTING)
Contempt of court! In absentia!
I'm warning you, I'm warning you!
-Objection!
-Overruled!
Please! We'll stop fighting
if you stop fighting.
Yes, anything, please!
All right, then,
I hereby declare this feud...
-(SLAMS GRAVEL)
-...over.
A pleasure doing business with you,
-fine sir.
-Ditto.
Oh, that made no sense whatsoever.
But you did it, buddy.
Good deed! Done and done!
-(ALL CHEERING)
-(LASER GUNS SHOOTING)
(EXPLOSION)
(SIGHS) Don't tell me.
Huh! What are you doing?
(CHEERING)
Hmm?
(ROARS)
Are you kidding me?
(PIGS SQUEAL AND SIGH)
(GRACKNORE ROARS)
(PIGS SCREAM)
(GRACKNORE ROARING)
(MUD SPLASHES)
(PANTING) Folks, we are so sorry...
(PANTS) For destroying your...
(PANTS) City.
Sorry? This place is way better
than where we used to live.
(PIGS CHEERING AND OINKING)
Yeah, buddy! Bam, you did it.
We ended up in the right place.
Even that Gracknore's
happier than he was all frozen.
(GRACKNORE ROARING HAPPILY)
I don't know, Syl.
I still have a sneaky feeling
deep down in my belly
that something bad's still gonna happen.
All I see is hog heaven.
(PINGING)
Wait! The skies have shifted.
The stars
do not say
you will be a strong and powerful leader.
Now the stars say you are immature,
awkward and emotionally unstable.
(ROARS) No, I am not emotionally unstable.
-(TABLE CRASHING)
-You will pay for this, sun.
Uh, anything about a girlfriend, like,
making out or even just
holding hands or...
(ROARING)
Peepers, obliterate that sun.
Sir, yes, sir. Right away, sir.
Sir, I think any girl
would be very lucky to have...
Fire!
I don't know how,
but I am pretty sure that is our fault.
So what?
We've righted these wrongs all day,
so what's stopping us now?
Sylvia, I've been thinking, maybe, um...
We shouldn't stop it.
Are you out of your flip-pickin' lupsork?
Well, what if something worse happens?
I always believe that
when you start on the right path,
you would always end up
in the right place.
But every time we try to do good,
it just turns into something worse
and worse and worse.
If we stop that missile,
it could cause the whole universe to...
(GURGLING)
Wander, with the day we've been having,
that is entirely possible.
But I'm also saying
that if doing a good deed
leads to the universe getting destroyed,
partner, that's not a universe
I wanna live in anyway.
Ya, ya, ya!
Sylvia, six fingers!
(WHOOSHING)
See, Wander, start down the right path,
you end up in the right place.
In other words, you can breathe now.
(EXHALES)
(CHEERING)
Oh, what is taking
that stupid missile so long?
Sir, sir, sir.
(BOTH SCREAM)
(EXPLOSION)
Uh, a little help?
WANDER AND SYLVIA: Nope.
(PEEPERS LAUGHING)
(LAUGHING CONTINUES)
Oh! Good one, sir.
You are too funny!
(TEETH CHATTERING)
This is no joke, Commander Peepers!
Wander is a sly, cunning
and crafty genius,
and he's the only threat to my power.
At last, the power crystal shall be...
Hey, neat!
-(SHATTERING)
-WANDER: Whoops!
Butterfingers!
At last, the lost ring of power...
(RING CLINKING AND SHATTERING)
I have the power...
WANDER: Ah! Hot stuff!
(ROARS) And if you dare underestimate him,
then you are a fool.
Now, I'm going to my torture room,
and I want you to bring me
Wander immediately, or else.
(ROARS)
(PEEPERS YELPING)
Got it, pal?
Psych! We're not pals. Hater out!
Seriously, this is not going to be easy,
he's a tricky one. Hater out!
-(SYLVIA SNORING)
-Oh, would ya look at that!
-Amazing!
-PEEPERS: Psst.
Hi.
WANDER: Hi.
♪ Commander Peepers ♪
(MOCKINGLY) Ooh! That was so hard!
But seriously,
this is not going to be easy.
He's a tricky one.
-Pfft, you're right, Lord Hater.
-(LINE RINGING)
(SIGHS) If you ask me,
I should be the one in charge.
♪ Who is universe's awesomest evildoer?
Hater! ♪
(PHONE RINGING)
-Hater's awesome torture room.
-Oh, hey, Lord Hater, sir.
Uh, just calling to let you know...
(SINGSONG) I got Wander!
Uh-huh. Yeah, that's right.
Easy as pie.
Yeah, I'm looking at him right... Now.
What? Impossible!
LORD HATER: Peepers!
(LAUGHING) No, there's no problem, sir.
Yes, I'll bring him to you right away.
No problemo!
(PEEPERS SCREAMS)
Okay, minor setback.
Caught him once, I'll catch him again.
Easy as pie, Peepers.
Easy as pie. (CHUCKLES DEVIOUSLY)
♪ Commander Peepers ♪
(WHOOPING)
Whoa!
This places is amazing!
Whoa, that's incredible!
What's this machine do?
Isn't that interesting? Neat!
How cool is that!
Howdy, friend!
Thank you so much for inviting me.
This place is amazing.
Now I sure would love to stay and chat,
but there's so much I haven't seen.
So catch you later!
No, it is I who shall catch you.
No, no, no, he is not one step ahead...
Whoo-hoo! This is awesome!
Whoa! I think I'm gonna throw up!
Hello, Officer.
Let me explain. It wasn't me who was...
(GROWLS IN FRUSTRATION)
(GASPS)
(CREATURES ROAR)
Well, that's one star
off my five-star review.
These guest accommodations are lousy.
(SCATTING)
Ha! Gotcha!
(CREATURES ROARING)
Sweet Betsy!
(CREATURES ROAR)
What the...
No, scratch that, reverse it,
five-star review.
Best ship ever!
Eee!
Boink.
Whew.
Eee!
(PEEPERS SCREAMING)
(PANTING)
(LAUGHTER IN DISTANCE)
(BUTTONS BEEPING)
-A-ha!
-(LASERS SHOOTING)
What is going on?
♪ Do you know the Button Song ♪
♪ The Button Song
The Button Song ♪
♪ When you play the Button Song
You find out what goes wrong ♪
Stop!
(GASPS)
(PHONE RINGING)
LORD HATER: Peepers,
why haven't you brought me Wander?
I... I can't...
Unacceptable!
Give me one reason why you can't.
I...
Whew.
(CREATURES ROARING)
(PEEPERS SCREAMING)
LORD HATER: What's that screaming?
You better not be
torturing him without me.
(WANDER SCATTING)
(SCREECHES)
Shut up!
There's a food court?
(MUZAK PLAYING)
I tell you, fellas,
you've got yourselves
one fancy shmancy ship here.
What are you fools doing? Grab him.
Food fight!
(WATCHDOGS SHOUTING)
Hot sauce!
Ow! Lemon!
(SCREAMS) Pepper!
Okay. All right.
Remember, he has not sly,
he's not cunning and he's not a genius.
(GUITAR LICK PLAYS)
Ah! Not Lord Hater's bedroom!
(METAL MUSIC PLAYING)
(MELLOW SYNTH MUSIC PLAYING)
Enough! You are coming with me!
-(BED POPS)
-(WATER SPLASHES)
No, not the ship's remote
self-destruct button.
I told Lord Hater that was a bad idea.
Duh!
♪ Commander Peepers ♪
PEEPERS: Ha! I have you now,
you hyperactive wandering weirdo.
Now, just stay still.
(GUN CHARGING)
(GASPS)
-(DOOR SHUTS)
-I did it.
I captured him, again! Easy as...
Ow!
Geez, for a guy
with an eyeball for a head,
how could you not see that coming?
(ALARM BLARING)
AUTOMATED VOICE: Beginning
self-destruct sequence in 30,
-29, 28...
-Uh-oh.
(CRASHING)
Sylvia! Sylvia, I am so glad you're here.
Listen, this ship is amazing.
Not for long.
See you, Mr. Peepers. Thanks for the tour.
Oh, no! Not the self-destruct!
What'll I do? What'll I do?
The only one who knows
the deactivation code is...
Lord Hater! Hey, buddy.
It's not what you think.
-(COUNTDOWN CONTINUES)
-I totally had him, I did,
but his sidekick sucker-punched me
and I didn't get
a lot of sleep last night.
And it's Monday.
Sir, you know how Mondays are.
-(EXPLOSION)
-Sir, please. I, I, I...
(CRASHING)
I was wrong and you were right.
Okay?
He is a cunning, sly and crafty genius.
Please, sir. Please just say the password.
I don't wanna die! I don't wanna die!
AUTOMATED VOICE: Five, four, three, two...
Lord Hater, number-one superstar.
AUTOMATED VOICE:
Self-destruct deactivated.
Have a nice day.
Oh, man, It feels great
to get that off my chest.
I feel a lot better, don't you, sir?
Not yet.
-(ELECTRICITY CRACKLING)
-(PEEPERS SCREAMING)
(METAL MUSIC PLAYING)
♪ I'm Lord Hater
Got a skeleton face ♪
♪ But my ship sure is an awesome place ♪
(ROARS)
♪ Lasers
Space dragons ♪
♪ Explosions ♪
♪ Food court ♪
(ROARS)
♪ All right, all right ♪
♪ Now I'm mad ♪
♪ You are coming with me ♪
(FEEDBACK SQUEALING)